THINGS YOU NEED TO MAKE THIS WORK:
1. cx_Oracle package
2. getPass package
3. Be a student with access to the "@gwynne.cs.ualberta.ca:1521/CRS" extension at the University of Alberta

STEPS TO MAKE IT RUN:
1. Upload all the necessary files to your cs profile (via "scp filename.py *****@ohaton.cs.ualberta.ca:" - make sure to include the ":")
*** (you can also use "scp -r foldername/ *****@ohaton.cs.ulaberta.ca:Project1" to push the entire folder to the uofa server)
2. SSH into your cs profile in another terminal (via "ssh -X *****@ohaton.cs.ualberta.ca:")
3. run "python3 main.py"

Demo:
- To demo our project with our own data, you can uncomment lines in DBConnect from 21-23.

Project Description:
The application system we created uses 9 key classes to deliver the major functions of the program. Our 
main menu page contains 5 application programs the user can choose from, each of which leads to a 
new page. 

DBTables - is the only class that connects to the database. It is used to create, drop, store, delete and 
populate the tables in sql, it is not located on any page.

NewPerson - Is used to store information about a person in the database, it has its own page that is 
linked to from Vehicle Registration. There are 2 more classes of NewPerson, labeled NewPerson2 and 
NewPerson3, which respectively is linked to by  Auto Transaction, and Driver License Registration.
   
New vehicle registration - is accessed from the main page and is a class used to register vehicles to 
primary owners and secondary owners that connects to DBTables. At any time the class NewPerson can 
be accessed from New Vehicle registration. 

Auto Transaction - is accessed from the main page and is a class used to keep track of auto sales of 
vehicles that connects to DBTables. At any time the class NewPerson2 can be accessed from Auto 
transaction. 

Driver license registration - is accessed from the main page and is used register a driver’s license to 
people. It connects to DBTables to store the people’s driver’s license information. At any time the class 
NewPerson3 can be accessed from Driver license registration. 

Violation Record - is only accessed from the main page. It registers any violations that occur to an 
primary/secondary owner of a vehicle, that’s the only time it will connect to DBTables. 

Search Engine - can only be accessed from the main page. Retrieves all information about a person. Only 
access DBTables to grab the data that’s needed. 

DBApp – sets up and connects all the frames for each page together.
The entire program gui and applications are connected through pythons library of tkinter.
